chore(curriculum): add responsive piano workshop (#56734)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-piano/612e89562043183c86df287c.md

---
id: 612e89562043183c86df287c
title: Step 7
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-7
---

# --description--

> Browsers can apply default margin and padding values to specific elements. To make sure your piano looks correct, you need to reset the box model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Browsers often apply default margin and padding values to specific elements. To make sure your piano layout displays correctly, you need to reset the box model.
```
